<!--
 *----------------------------------------------------------*
 *Date: 01/08/2026 Saturday 04:53:55
 *Creator: William E B Bowall
 *Project: Media Collection list
 *File Name: index.html
 *Version: 0.0.0.0.0 (Major.Minor.Security.Build.Developer)
 *----------------------------------------------------------*
 *
-->
Cassette Collection

	Rita MacNeil Reason To Believe
	
		walk on through
		two steps from broken
		city child
		doors of the cemetary
		
		reason to believe
		when the lovin is through
		the music's going round again
		working man
		good friends
		
		Copyright &copy; 1988 Lupin Records Ltd. Manufactured by Virgin Records Canada Inc. 
		Quantity of Copies -> 2
	
	Will's Mix Tape May 23, 2004 Place Home FM Stereo
	
	Memorex dB Series Tape Brand Name ~45 minutes per SIDE A&B
	
		Various Songs on both sides A and B
		
	Ronnie Misap Greatest Hits
	
	Program I
	
	smoky mountain rain
	(I'd be) a legend in my time
	(i'm a ) stand by my woman man
	i hate you
	pure love
	it was almost like a song
	
	Program II
	
	daydreams about night things
	let's take the long way around the world
	let my love be your pillow
	please don't tell me how the story ends
	back on my mind	again
	what a difference you've made in my life
	
	Manufactured and Distributed By RCA INC. P 1973, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1978, 1980 RCA Records
	TMK(s) R Registered RCA Inc. 
	For Public Performance Under License Only.  All Rights Reserved. 
	
	Foster And Allen Reflections
	
		True Love
		Ramblin' rose
		I love you
		because
		goodnight irene
		an old love
		annie's song
		you seldom come to see me anymore
		away to mary anne
		mary of argyle
		tennesseee waltz
	
		could i have this dance (for the rest of my life)
		part of me will always be in love with you
		the last thing on my mind
		edelweiss
		life in the finland woods
		scarlett ribbons
		the rose of tralee
		all the days of my life
		no more good times
		now is the hour
	Copyright 1988 Canada Quality Special Records
	Manufactured and distributed in Canada by Quality Special Products
	
	It's tennessee Ernie
	
	Program 1 (12:57)
	
	The pea-pickin' cook 
	sunday's still a special day to me
	in the eyes of my people
	granny dips snuff
	yours and mine
	
	Program 2 (14:13)
	
	i don't know
	a poor man's gold
	it's good to be home again
	song (mama's song)
	be gentle with yourself
	
	manufactured by capitol records, Inc. A subsidairy of capitol industries inc. Hollywood and Vine streets, Hollywood, Calif. Factories: Los angeles calif, jacksonville, Ill. Winchester, VA., Toronto, Canada
	P 1972 Capitol Records Inc.
	
	Christmas Organ and Chimes with The Music City Choir "A Treasured Colleciton of Carols"
	
	Program 1 (Featuring Music City Choir)
	
	Away in the Manger
	god rest ye merry gentleman
	deck the halls
	o'holly night
	the first noel
	
	Program 2 (Featuring Organ & chimes)
	
	silent night
	the first noel
	joy to the world
	o'come all ye faithful
	o' little town of bethlehem
	it came upon a midnight clear
	
	C P 1977 Music, Inc., Nashville, Tennessee
	Cassette is missing and another one "Piano Christmas" is there instead but it has been well played since the audio is wonky. 
	So instead of what should be in the tape cassette case, Here is what is actually on this misplaced tape:
	A Piano Christmas
	
	Side 1:
	Go tell it on the mountain
	joy to the world!
	the first nowel
	angeles we have heard on high
	hark! the herald angels sing
	o come, all ye faithful
	the birthday of a king
	away in a manger
	o holy night
	silent night! holy Night!
	
	Side 2:
	christmas time is here
	the christmas waltz
	silver bells
	white christmas
	merry christmas darling
	i'll be home for christmas
	winter wonderland
	have yourself a merry little christmas
	the christmas song
	
	p c mcmxcv chapel group music, inc.
	distributed in canada by: christian marketing canada limited
		
	God's grace 
	Integrity Music's Scripture memory songs
	Contemporary music teaching God's Word
	Integrity Music's Scripture Memory Songs TM
	
	"let the word of Christ dewll in you richly as you tach and admonish one another with all wisdom, and as you sing psalms, hymns and spirtual songs with gratitude in your heart to God." Colossians 3:16 (NIV)
	
	Integrity Music's Scriputre memory songs will help you learn the word of God because you'll be learning through music.  Think about all the jingles and songs you remember even though you haven't heard them for years.  Imagine how many verses you can learn through songs that feature nothing but the Word of God!
	Experience the life of God through His Word. 
	
	Side 1:
	not under law (romans 6:14-15)
	my grace is sufficient (2 cor. 12:9) 
	for you know the grace (2 cor. 8:9)
	if we confess our sin (1 john 1:8-9)
	God is able (2 cor. 9:8)
	
	Side 2: 
	Now is the Day of Salvation (2 Cor. 6:2)
	Let the words (Psalm 19:13-14)
	No condemnation (Romans 8:1-2)
	Humble yourselves (James 4:6b,10)
	I will restore (Jer. 30:17, SOS 2:11-12)
	mark Gasbarro -producer
	michael coleman, ed lindquist & don moen - executive producers
	Distributed in the U.S by Sparrow distributions and in canada by Christian marketing canada.  other sales: Integrity Music. Inc.
	P C 1999 Integrity Music. Inc. 
	
	Anne Murray's Greatest Hits
	
	snowbird -gene maclellan beechwood music corporation /bmi 2:08
	danny's song ken loggins gnossos music ascap 3:06
	a love song d. george-k. loggins gnossos music / portofino music /ascap/bmi 2:46
	you won't see me
	j. lennon-p.mc cartney maclen music. inc./bmi 4:02
	you needed me*
	randy goodrum chappell music/ ironside music/ ascap 3:38
	i just fall in love again*
	dorff-sklerov-lloyd-berbstritt peso music/hobby horse music/cotton pickin' songs/bmi/ascap 2:47
	shadows in the moonlight*
	r.bourke-c. black chappell music tri-chappell music inc./ ascap/sesac 3:25
	broken hearted me*
	randy goodrum chappell music/ sailmaker music / ascap 3:43
	daydream believer*
	john steward screen gems-emi Music inc./ bmi 2:26
	could i have this dance*
	w. holyfield-b.house vogue music/maple hill music c/o welk music group/onhisown music/bmi 3:14
	produced & arranged by Brian ahern for happy sack productions
	*produced by jim ed norman for jen productions
	executive producr: balmur ltd.
	mastered by: ken perry at capitol records
	art direction: roy kohara
	design: phil shina
	front cover photo: gord marci
	color tinting & back cover photo: larry dupont
	personal management: leonard t. rambeau, balumr ltd., canada Square, P.O. box 18, 2180 Youge St., Toronto Canada, M4S2B9 Agency representation: Fred lawrence, agency for the performing arts., los angeles
	"CAPITOL" is a registered trade mark of capitol records, inc. made in candaa. distributed by capitol records-emi of canada
	p 1972, 1973, 1974 capitol records- emi of canda litd. 
	p 1978, 1979, 1980 capitol records, inc. 
	*produced by jim ed norman.
	produced & arranged by brian ahern for happy sack productions. 
		
	A celebration of hymns : Abide with me
	
	side one:
	
	abide with me
	all people that on earth do dwell
	how great thou art
	ye holy angels bright
	dear lord and father of mankind
	jesus, lover of my soul
	eternal father, strong to save
	the king of love my shepherd is 
	lead us, heavenly father, lead us
	guide me, a thou great redeemer
	
	side two:
	
	he who would valiant be
	o god, our help in ages past
	rock of ages
	love divine, all loves excelling
	all things bright and beautiful
	when i survey the wondrous cross
	onward, christian soldiers
	the lord's my shepherd
	immortal, invisible, god only wise
	praise, my soul, the king of heaven
	
	rejeuvenate your spirits and fell good about the future as you recall a host of warm sunday morning memories
	this compilation p  & c 2000 fastforward music limitd. 
	fastforward music family entertainment
	
	EVIE Hymns
	Program I 
	the old rugged cross
	he the pearly gates will open
	all hail the power of jesus' name
	a christian home
	how great thou art
	
	Program II
	day by day
	in the garden
	medley: near to the heart of god - he hideth my soul
	give to the lord
	lead me to calvary
	doxology
	
	c p 1983 word incorporated world records limited vancouver, B.C. v6b 4b5
	
	Glen campbell still within the sound of my voice
	
	Side A
	i'm a one woman man
	still within the sound of my voice
	the hand that rocks the cradle ->duet with steve wariner
	for sure, for certain, forever, for always 
	i have you
	
	Side B
	you are -> duet with emmylou harris
	arkansas
	in my life
	leavin's not the only way to go
	i remember you
	
	produced by jimmy bowen and glen campbell for lynwood productions
	p 1987 mca records. inc. c 1987 mca records. inc. manufactured by columbia house, a division of cbs records canada ltd. 
	
	the oakridge boys where the fast lane ends
	
	Side A
	this crazy love
	a little love can go a long, long  way
	whatever it takes 
	love has a mind of its own 
	is this any way for us to say goodbye
	
	Side B
	Where the fast lane ends
	it takes a little rain (to make love grow) 
	looking for love
	a little late to say goodbye
	rainbow at midnight
	
	produced by jimmy bowen for lynwood productions also available on album and compact digital disc
	p 1987 mca records. inc. c 1987 mca records. inc.  manufactured by columbia house, a division of cbs records canada ltd. 
	
	Dwight yoakam guitars cadillacs etc. etc. 
	
	side one
	honky tonk man
	it won't hurt
	i'll be gone
	south of cincinnati
	bury me
	
	side two
	guitars, cadillacs
	twenty years
	ring of fire
	miner's prayer
	heartaches by the number
	
	produced by pete anderson
	c 1984, 1986, warner bros. records inc. p 1984, 1986 warner bros. records inc. for the u.s. & wea international inc. for the world outside of the u.s. 
	distributed by wea music of canada ltd. a warner communicatons company. 
	
	
	Original Artists 20 ALL TIME CHRISTMAS FAVOURITES
	tape 2
	
	side one
	the little drummer boy - harry simeone chorale
	'twas the night before christmas - liberace 
	silver bells -mistletoe xmas band
	winter wonderland -mistletoe xmas bnad
	o little town of bethlehem - mantovani 
	skaters waltz - mantovani
	have yourself a merry little christmas - rosemary clooney
	it came upon a midnight clear - rosemary clooney
	you're all i want for christmas - brook benton
	the christmas song - liberace
	
	side two
	jingle bells - bobby helms
	do you hear what i hear - harry simeone chorale
	deck the halls - mantovani 
	o come all ye faithful - mantovani
	joy to the world - mistletoe xmas band
	rockin' round the christmas tree - mistletoe xmas band
	hark the herald angels sing - mistletoe xmas band
	o christmas tree - mistletoe xmas band
	white christmas - mistletoe xmas band
	o holy night - mistletoe xmas band
	
	manufactured/distributed in canada by cmg music
	
	no copyright notice found. 
	
	original recording the best of times neil diamond classics the early years
	
	side one
	kentucky woman (2:24)
	(n. diamond)
	
	cherry, cherry (2:41)
	(n. diamond)
	
	solitary man (2:33)
	(n. diamond)
	
	you got to me (2:46)
	(n. diamond)
	
	i got the feelin' (oh no, no) (2:10)
	(n. diamond)
	
	thank the lord for the night time (3:03)
	(n. diamond)
	
	side two
	
	i'm a believer (2:38)
	(n. diamond)
	
	girl, you'll be a woman soon (3:20)
	(n. diamond)
	
	shilo (3:49)
	(n. diamond)
	
	do it (2:22)
	(n. diamond)
	
	red, red wine (2:39)
	(n. diamond)
	
	the boat that I row (2:41)
	(n. diamond)
	
	this tape consists of previously released material.  p & c 1983 neil diamond and cbs inc. epic is a registered trade mark of cbs music products inc. 
	distributed by cbs music products inc.
	
	Top 25 heart seekers praise songs cassette 2 as reported by christian copyright licensing international (ccli)
	side a
	did you feel the mountains tremble?
	the heart of worship
	better is one day
	i see the lord
	we fall down
	show me your ways
	lord, reign in me
	all things are possible
	
	side b
	more of your glory
	every move i make 
	let the river flow
	i give you my heart
	i need you more
	eternal wonderful god (bonus)
	fuel (bonus)
	
	p & c 2001 maranatha! r, a div of the corinthian group, inc. manufactured & distributed by pamplin distribution,  In Canada: word entertainment (Canada) in.c,  in Great Britain: word entertainment (UK), ltd. Maranatha! and the dove are registred trademarks of the corinthian group, inc.
	
	
	country livin' 
	
	side one
	
	american made  (oakridge boys)
	mountain of love (charley pride) 
	big city (merle haggard) 
	what are we doing lonesome (larry gatlin) 
	I wouldn't have missed it for the world (ronnie milsap)
	
	side two
	
	9 to 5 (dolly parton)
	coal miner's daughter (loretta lynn)
	sail away (oakridge boys)
	all i ever need is you (kenny rogers/ dottie west)
	all the gold in california (gatlin bros. band)
	
	
	manufactured/ distributed in canada by cmg music, 
	the songs on this tape were recorded by studio musicians in the same style and arrangements as the original hits recorded and made famous by the artists noted. 
	
	no copyright notice found.
	
	mom & dads thanks for the memories
	
	memories
	ranger's waltz
	mexicali rose
	white silver sands
	till we meet again
	the waltz you saved for me
	i'll see you in my dreams
	blue skirt waltz
	sail along silvery moon
	anniversary waltz
	
	pennsylvania polka
	oklahoma hills
	i'm looking over a four leaf clover
	margie
	alexander's ragtime band
	in the good old summertime
	who's sorry now
	darktown
	stutter's ball
	when the saints go marching in
	music music music
	
	c 1986 canada quality special products
	manufactured and distributed in canda by quality special products
	
	melodies of love instrumental
	
	side 1: 
	
	don't fall in love with a dreamer
	three times a lady
	memory
	it might be you
	
	side 2: 
	
	don't cry for me argentina
	you needed me 
	my love
	sometimes when we touch
	
	made in canada
	marketed in canada by distribution madacy inc. 
	no copyright notice found. 
	
	the 60's greatest hits uk & usa
	
	side one - u.k.
	
	1 fortunes - you've got your troubles (greenaway, cook) belwin-mills music
	2 love affair - everlasting love (carson. gayden) Peter maurice - emi music pub. ltd.
	3 tremeloes - silence is golden (crewe. gaudio) emi music pub ltd.
	4 mary hopkin - those were the days (raskin) trio / essex music ltd. 
	5 pickettywitch - the same old feeling (macauley, mcleod) state music ltd /atv music ltd.
	6 dave berry - the crying game (stephens) southern msuic ltd.
	7 p.j. proby - somewhere (bernstein, sondheim) chappell music
	8 troggs - wild thing (taylor cbs songs ltd.
	9 swinging blue jeans - hippy hippy shake (romeo) ardmore & beechwood ltd. / emi music pub. ltd. 
	10  vanity fare - hitchin' a ride (murry, callander) dick james music ltd. 
	11 lonnie donegan - my old man's a dustman (buchanan , thorn) tyler music ltd. 
	12 gerry & the pacemakers - you'll never walk alone (rodgers & hammerstein) chappell music ltd. 
	
	side two - u.s.a.
	
	1 crystals - da doo ron ron (spector, barry greenwitch carlin music corp. (spector, barry geenwich) carlin music corp. 
	2 chiffons - he's so fine (mack) peter maurise music co. ltd. / abkco music ltd. 
	3 bobby vee - run to him (goffin, keller) screen gems / emi music pub. ltd. 
	4 gary puckett & the union gap - young girl (fuller) warner bros. music ltd. 
	5 drifters - on broadway (leiber, stoller, mann, weil) screen gems /emi music pub. ltd.
	6 percy sledge - when a man loves a woman (lewis, wright) warner bros. music ltd. 
	7 box tops - the letter (carson ) heath levy music co. letd. 
	8 duane eddy - rebel rouser (eddy. hazelwood) carlin music corp. 
	9 bob b. soxx & the blue jeans - zip-a-dee-doo-dah (wrubel, gilbert) francis, day & hunter 
	10 chubby checker - lets twist again ( mann, appell) carlin music corp. 
	11 joey dee & the starlighters - peppermint twist (dee, glover) jewel music pub. co. ltd. / planetary nom (london) 
	12 coasters - yakety yak (leiber, stoller) carlin music corp. 
	
	these tracks are excellent re-recordings by the oringal artists, or by one or more members of the original group line-up. 
	p & c warwixck records - a warwick leisure product made and printd in the u.k. (made and printed in great britain)
	p 1985 c 1985 warwick records
	
	charley pride did you think to pray
	program I
	
	did you think to pray 
	this highway leads to glory
	whispering hope
	let me live
	
	program II 
	
	i'll fly away
	angel band
	jesus, don't give up on me
	time out for jesus
	the church in the wildwood
	lord, build me a cabin in glory
	
	made in cnaada by rca limited from master recordings owned or controlled by rca records. tmk (s) r registered marca (s) registrada (s). for public performance under license only.  all rights reserved.  
	p 1978 rca records p 1978 les disques rca rca limited record division 
	this tape is mastered to dolby "b" standards for noise reduction  - decrease treble respons when palying on non-dolbyised equipment. 
	
	the best of roger whittaker: roger whittaker
	
	Program I 
	
	the last farewell
	new world in the morning
	don't believe in if any more
	all of my life 
	the first hello, the last goodbye
	mon pays bleu (durham town)
	
	Program II 
	
	before she breaks my heart 
	it's your love 
	river lady
	here we stand
	dirty old town
	summer days
	
	manufactured in canada by tembo music canada inc. all rights of the manufacture and of th owner of the recorded work reserved. p 1975, 1976, 1977 tembo music canada 
	distributed by rca inc. 
	
	the rankin family
	
	side 1
	
	mo run geal, dileas
	lonely island
	loving arms
	piano medley
	mairi's wedding
	
	side 2 
	
	roving gypsy boy
	chi mi na morbheanna
	fiddle medley
	lament of the irish immigrant
	jigging medley
	
	p c 1989 the rankin family inc. made in canada "capitol" and xor are registred trade marks of capitol records, inc. "emi" is a registed trade mark of torn emi pfc. distributed under licence by capitol records-emi of canada.
	
	the kendalls movin' train
	
	side one
	precious love
	i'll be faithful to you
	movin' train +
	the dark end of the street +++
	say the word+++
	
	side two
	
	thank god for the radio + 
	i'd dance every dance with you +
	my baby's gone
	flaming eyes ++
	wildflower
	
	produced by brian ahern for happy sack productions, + producted by biake meviis for southwind productions, ++ prouced by jerry gillspie & the kendalls for lucky hat productions, +++ produced by the kendalls for lucky hat productions c p 1983 polygram records, inc. 
	manufactured by columbia house, a divion of cbs records of canda ltd. under license from polygram inc. 
	
	the very best of the very best of the chipmunks with david seville
	side 1:
	the chipmunk song
	alivin's harmonica
	ragtime cowboy joe
	she loves you
	twinkle, twinkle little star
	
	side 2:
	witch doctor
	do-re-mi
	tonight you belong to me
	america the beautiful
	super-califragilisticexpialidocious
	
	no copyright notice found except c uamarg inc. 
	emi usa
	
	coat of many colors dolly parton
	
	side one
	coat of many colors
	traveling man
	my blue tears
	if i lose my mind
	the mystery of the mystery
	
	side two
	she never met a man (she didn't like)
	early morning breeze
	the way i see you
	here i am 
	a better place to live
	
	c 1987 bmg music
	*r/md of rca inc.
	manufactured and distributed by bmg music canda inc. reg'd user
	
	the men of the deeps 'ii'
	
	program I
	the man with a torch in his cap
	the ballad of springhill
	the jolly miner
	mary ann
	kelly's cove
	the government store
	
	program II
	the coal by the sea
	swing low, sweet chariot
	battle hymn of the republic
	isle royale
	the banks of newfoundland
	drill ye tarriers, drill
	
	p 1976 waterloo music compny limited. all rights reserved
	
	the gambler & other hits kenn rogers style
	
	program 1
	
	love lifted me
	love or something like it
	all i ever need is you - kenny rogers & dottie west style
	but you know i love you
	till i can make it on my own - K. rogers & dottie west style
	reuben james
	
	program 2
	
	something's burning
	daytime friends 
	she believes in me
	the gambler
	lucille
	
	the songs on this tape were recorded by our studio musicians in the same style and arrangmeents as the original hits recorded and made famous by the artists noted.  
	p 1979 odyssey productions
	made in u.s.a.
	michele audio of canada, ltd. 
	printed in canada
	